Paul
good and 6 years
I am Julian I am from the warrior state
to be exact, a town called petatlán guerrero
how I define myself first
in the eyes of who surely very beautiful
medicine an intelligent entrepreneur woman
very cheerful optimist
int i like to sing always what I want sometimes a little have every day
more and more young
when things do not come out exactly how I like
but always very positive and very cheerful
frames and a person
a motivational enthusiast according to the family child
considered very good
Well, I think it's that Julian
not in a formal way as many would think faithfully I think that that was
escabullendo met with the friends of my friends
mainly with juan josé d
edison against chía panic to the percent level known is that the father
and we always raise the noise
there is in the country because therma and astutely will join the group to sat
together with a plastic partner and then little by little without realizing that it was part
from the group of friends let's say that this was how local
I met her at university
the comfort ll
to relax the tec
children of better way of seeing is not yet
is walking through the field if I saw her told me another shirt the pp can do it
I'm short but the year with fees
enemies are supporting vetusta and dairy
When I met Julián
what I like the most sincerely
It was
Well, it is very strong
how his eyes will even live many eyes his smile
for those who have impacted exquisitely
The truth is that after I met him I tried
I liked very much to formalize its details joy its smiles
especially spectacular
exhibiting strange no josé c
I liked it very much it deserved that efe
I imagine if July were super hero or a country basil artist
he thinks he would be superman
I think it's super girls
I do not know why
because this was not
unquestionably something is wrong at a party in a meeting I know where
that calm
if it is still necessary baeza twelve o'clock at night in a town where nobody knows
nothing the consell a country
if you need food to which music is implicitly always it was
so it would be superman
simile mier
Efe that we know 98 percent I know I will not bring any surprises
now that we live together but because I know him
I know enough
to know what is happening
the also favorite spain understands people the source has said many are
they will ask what this march that moves
a little caldy
and that is very rewarding task these figures that handle
aside the desserts of 0 5%
His favorite food is
Any red thing that is in green sauce can be why renfe what
be and back a solitude the
onion soup
it's hard
Julius a person who heard a lot of Peron music
of chile parque few references to spain to complete
the national anthem maybe las mañanitas
in favorite song
I can say that he dictated it
keb attitude
and that's why terrace
his favourite song
there are some
one of those is the last one just came out that did not count
It is as of today of marco di mauro and maite perroni
but also another of your this favorite singers disaster the fifth season
van gogh's ear
he has no vices he is a very healthy person
but we can say that it is
amateur is a movie buff
those who are close friends can not give it
they will not let me lie
I believe that the cinema this city total addiction
travel
u fish
students is amazing
has things to improve
maybe a little realization in your room in your letter
I thought that they handle better
Andrés waits a bit in the way he handles
I think you already know but you can be a bit discreet
despite waiting to see what I love many players
lina we will change it
bullock a little bit or more
the judges who fought for
I have to admit
I'm fine without a doubt is a person extremely details does not let a
moment
I have to admit it
a person who is always on top of the details
super affectionate and very friendly and polite
She is very smart in Georgia
so I think you're
is that you always support me in all my ideas
are all projects that I have is always there at the foot of the canyon highlighted
yang unconditionally I want to take this space
to say that cobbler what the fish to the love of my life
he is an amazing person that makes him be better every day that await us
Anger also have less quality with other neighbors estructec at this time
that we're going to start a life together as a couple
let's get ahead we will have many obstacles but I know that he counted
likewise with his joy with all that tenderness he feels and striped shirt
smile but beyond the happiest woman in the world
and I want to say that here at this moment
that I love you with all my heart
efe the happiest woman in the world and more fortunate to have finished
pique I know I'll never regret
and I will make said accord this case
Well, you make me the happiest man
It's a great pleasure to be here with you today as spouses I love you
you are the woman of my life
I would marry today
in months later
already very cute
I know that if they fly or not
much more bitter
swim
sao paulo oct now october